VIVA(1)
=======
:doctype: manpage

NAME
----
viva - Interactive and dynamic graph visualization of a Paje trace file


SYNOPSIS
--------
*viva* ['OPTIONS'] <TRACEFILE> <VIVA_CONFIGURATION>


DESCRIPTION
-----------

The viva(1) command displays a dynamic, interactive and hierarchical
graph visualization of a Paje trace file. Dynamic because it uses a
scalable barnes-hut graph positioning algorithm provided by libtupi,
bundled within viva. Interactive because the visualizaton allows the
user to interact with the graph, either by moving nodes positions or
changing the time frame considered to draw its temporal data. And
hierarchical because the graph exposes the internal organization of
the Paje trace file. Viva is a particularly useful program to
correlate the behavior of parallel and distributed applications with
the underlying network topology, by mapping this behavior to visual
elements of the graph representation (size of nodes, edges, and so
on). A good analysis using viva depends directly to the configuration
file provided as second parameter (see INPUT DESCRIPTION section for
details).

OPTIONS
-------

*viva* accepts the following options:    

*-?, --help*::
    Show all the available options.

*--usage*::
    Give a short usage message.

INPUT DESCRIPTION
-----------------

The viva(1) command expects two parameters: the first one is a trace
file that follows the Paje file format (as described in the PDF
document listed in the RESOURCES section of this page). The second is
a viva configuration file with a syntax similar to property lists, a
simple textual format. This configuration file is used to map the
contents of the Paje trace file to the graph visualizaton
construction. If these two obligatory parameters are not provided,
viva(1) stops with a usage message.

Viva Configuration File
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Forthcoming. See the examples directory in the meanwhile.

OUTPUT DESCRIPTION
------------------

Forthcoming.

RESOURCES
---------

Description of the Paje trace file:
<http://paje.sourceforge.net/download/publication/lang-paje.pdf>

Main web site:
<http://github.com/schnorr/viva/>


REPORTING BUGS
--------------

Report viva bugs and issues to <http://github.com/schnorr/viva/issues>


COPYRIGHT
---------

Copyright \(C) 2012-2015 Lucas M. Schnorr. Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).


SEE ALSO
--------

*pj_dump(1)* *pj_validate(1)*
